I'm trying to you know gay rights its
wondering if you could help shut up you
fuck off you queer fuck what you shortly
your fucking right I joined by general
your dirty fucking performing bring the
police are my cheesy nuts would be my
boyfriend of all I care it shuts out you
faggot now if you are my team am i I'm
allowed yeah is almighty I'm gonna
fuckin kill you both
excuse me know I can give you up below
definitely showing your face mate
problem what's your problem with me
enough insult me because I'm Carrie
that's not really fair is it against all
wait for the fucking hole of your life
if you throw like that for real mate
well I do talk like this cuz I'm gay I
stink inna maybe on the next round maybe
we could all going camp in a tight spot
what budget they made it sounds like you
camp enough me there you in your tight
uniform how didn't see them fucking
retard didn't see that there I'm sorry
old you were looking straight at it
you're a fucking retard
looking at the palm mmm but they didn't
see those two red lasers computing from
it you fucking retard lasers in my ass
if you want thanks for that suck my
cheesy nuts if you're poor
[Music]
you know yeah still their Xboxes fucking
or bum bandit you know that - coming
[Applause]